---
title: "HTCondor / ARC CE Workshop: 29 February 2016 to 4 March 2016"
og_title: "HTCondor / ARC CE Workshop: 29 February 2016 to 4 March 2016"
link: 
date: 2016-01-04
layout: news
---

<p>There will be a workshop for HTCondor and ARC CE users in Barcelona, Spain on Feb 29 2016 &mdash; March 4 2016  <ul> <li>Where: Barcelona, Spain, at the ALBA Synchrotron Facility <li>When: Monday February 29 2016 through Friday March 4 2016. <li> Workshop homepage: [https://indico.cern.ch/e/Spring2016HTCondorWorkshop] (Archived Url: 'https://indico.cern.ch/e/Spring2016HTCondorWorkshop') </ul>  <p>Save the dates! The HTCondor team, the NorduGrid collaboration, and the  Port d'Informació. Cientifica (PIC) + ALBA Synchrotron present a workshop for the users and administrators of HTCondor, the HTCondor CE and the ARC CE to learn and connect in Barcelona, Spain. This is an opportunity for novice and experienced system administrators and users to learn, get help and have exchanges between themselves and with the developers and experts.  <p>The workshop will offer:  <ul> <li> Introductory tutorials on using and administrating HTCondor, HTCondor CE and ARC CE <li> Technical talks on usage and deployment from developers and your fellow users <li> Talks and tutorials on recent features, configuration, and roadmap <li> The opportunity to meet with HTCondor developers, ARC CE developers, and other experts for non-structured office hours consultancy </ul>  <p>Speaking of learning from the community, we would like to hear from people interested in presenting at this workshop. If you have a use case or best practices involving HTCondor, HTCondor CE or ARC CE you'd like to share, please send us an email at hepix-condorworkshop2016-interest (at) cern (dot) ch .  <p>Information on registration will be available soon at: [https://indico.cern.ch/e/Spring2016HTCondorWorkshop] (Archived Url: 'https://indico.cern.ch/e/Spring2016HTCondorWorkshop')  <p>Timetable overview: Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday presentations will be dedicated to HTCondor and HTCondor CE, while Thursday's presentations dedicated to ARC CE. HTCondor and ARC CE developers and experts will be available on Thursday and Friday morning for non-structured "office hours" consultancy and individual discussions with users.  <p>We hope to see you in Barcelona!  
