---
title: Join us at HTCondor Week 2016!
og_title: Join us at HTCondor Week 2016!
link: 
date: 2016-03-30
layout: news
---

<p>We want to invite you to [ HTCondor Week 2016] (Archived Url: 'http://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/HTCondorWeek2016/'), our annual HTCondor user conference, in beautiful Madison, Wisconsin, May 17-20, 2016. We will again host HTCondor Week at the Wisconsin Institutes for Discovery, a state-of-the-art facility for academic and private research specifically designed to foster private and public collaboration. It provides HTCondor Week attendees with a compelling environment in which to attend tutorials and talks from HTCondor developers and users like you. It also provides many comfortable spaces for one-on-one or small group collaborations throughout the week.  <p>Our current development series, 8.5, is well underway toward our upcoming production release. When you attend, you will learn how to take advantage of the latest features. You'll also get a peek into our longer term development plans--something you can only get at HTCondor Week!  <p>We will have a variety of in-depth tutorials and talks where you can not only learn more about HTCondor, but you can also learn how other people are using and deploying HTCondor. Best of all, you can establish contacts and learn best practices from people in industry, government, and academia who are using HTCondor to solve hard problems, many of which may be similar to those you are facing.  <p>Speaking of learning from the community, we'd love to have you give a talk at HTCondor Week. Talks are 15-20 minutes long and are a great way share your ideas and get feedback from the community. If you have a compelling use of HTCondor you'd like to share, see our [ speaker's page] (Archived Url: 'http://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/HTCondorWeek2016/speaker_info.html').  <p>You can register, get hotel details, and see the agenda overview on the [HTCondor Week 2016 site] (Archived Url: 'http://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/HTCondorWeek2016/'). 
