---
title: Paradyn/HTCondor Week 2013 registration open
og_title: Paradyn/HTCondor Week 2013 registration open
link: 
date: 2013-03-08
layout: news
---

<p>We want to invite you to  [HTCondor Week 2013] (Archived Url: 'http://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/HTCondorWeek2013/') , our annual HTCondor user conference, in beautiful Madison, WI April 29-May 3, 2013. (HTCondor Week was formerly named Condor Week, matching  [a name change for the software] (Archived Url: 'https://lists.cs.wisc.edu/archive/htcondor-users/2012-October/msg00110.shtml').) We will again host HTCondor Week at the Wisconsin Institutes for Discovery, a state of the art facility for academic and private research specifically designed to foster private and public collaboration. It provides HTCondor Week attendees a compelling environment to attend tutorials and talks from HTCondor developers and users like you. It also provides many comfortable spaces for one-on-one or small group collaborations throughout the week. This year we continue our partnership with the Paradyn Tools Project, making this year Paradyn/HTCondor Week 2013. There will be a full slate of tutorials and talk for both HTCondor and Paradyn.  <p>Our current development series, 7.9, is well underway toward our upcoming production release. When you attend, you will learn how to take advantage of the latest features such as per-job PID namespaces, cgroup enforced resource limits, Python bindings, CPU affinity, BOSCO for submitting jobs to remote batch systems without administrator assistance, EC2 spot instance support, and a variety of speed and memory optimizations. You'll also get a peek into our longer term development plans--something you can only get at HTCondor Week!  <p>We will have a variety of in-depth tutorials, talks, and panels where you can not only learn more about HTCondor, but you can also learn how other people are using and deploying HTCondor. Best of all you can establish contacts and learn best practices from people in industry, government and academia who are using HTCondor to solve hard problems, many of which may be similar to those facing you.  <p>Speaking of learning from the community, we'd love to have you give a talk at HTCondor Week. Talks are 20 minutes long and are a great way share your ideas and get feedback from the community. If you have a compelling use of HTCondor you'd like to share, let Alan De Smet know ([adesmet@cs.wisc.edu] (Archived Url: 'mailto:adesmet@cs.wisc.edu')) and he'll help you out.  [ More information on speaking at HTCondor Week is available at the HTCondor Week web site.] (Archived Url: 'http://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/HTCondorWeek2013/speaker_info.html')  <p>You can register, get the hotel details and see the agenda overview on   [the HTCondor Week 2013 site] (Archived Url: 'http://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/HTCondorWeek2013/'). See you soon in Madison!  
